Update react-testing.md (#67)
labzero/guides: languages/javascript/react-testing.md

## Overview

> We're old hands at React testing, having lived through the eras of Jasmine, Mocha, Chai, Sinon, Enzyme, et cetera. But testing has evolved mostly thanks to Jest and React Testing Library covering all of these cases of these older, smaller tools, and so have we!

Reviewer: The last sentence has at least a grammar issue and is a little bit run-on-ish.  Maybe we can break it up?

```suggestion
We're old hands at React testing, having lived through the eras of Jasmine, Mocha, Chai, Sinon, Enzyme, et cetera. Over time testing practices have evolved significantly, primarily with the emergence of Jest and React Testing Library, which now encompass the capabilities of these older, smaller tools. We too have evolved and embrace RTL and Jest as our standard test setup.
```

## Unit and integration testing: Jest

We use [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) as our testing framework. We make use of Jest's assertions, matchers, mocks, built-in code coverage, and more.

We use Jest to write unit tests for code outside of React components, such as API routes and helpers. We also use Jest to write integration tests with the help of React Testing Library.

> We often strive toward 100% code coverage when reasonable. If necessary due to JSDOM limitations, third-party code which is hard to partially mock, or Jest's inability to pass tests with uncaught errors, we tell Istanbul, Jest's code coverage tool, to `istanbul ignore` particular lines, followed by a descriptive comment explaining why.

Reviewer: This sentence here is pretty long and hard to parse.  Might be better split up into multiple sentences. 
I also like how the previous version discussed code-coverage in its own section.
